DOC: made "open PR on MPL" a section in contribute guide (#26961)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/contribute.rst

     git push -u origin my-feature

> Send pull request to Matplotlib

Reviewer: Isn’t the common wording 
```suggestion
Open a pull request
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Finally, go to the web page of your fork of the Matplotlib repo, and click
**Compare & pull request** to send your changes to the maintainers for review.
The base repository is *matplotlib/matplotlib* and the base branch is generally

> *main*. For more guidance, see github's `pull request tutorial <https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*main*. For more guidance, see Git/hub's `pull request tutorial
<https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork>`_.
```
